profile/README.md, before:

# Brackeys Godot Tutorials - C# Version

* This organization contains C# versions of Brackeys Godot tutorials (since they decided to go with GDScript).
* All credit for the projects goes to Brackeys.
* Only those projects and tutorials with a sufficiently permissive license can be translated (as forks whenever possible).

> This organization is *not* affiliated with Brackeys and only aims to provide additional value for their work - free of charge, for everyone, just like Brackeys does.

| **Tutorial**                  | **Brackeys YT Link**                             | **C# Version Repo**                                                                                                                           |
|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 01 - How to Make a Video Game | https://youtu.be/LOhfqjmasi0?si=2LwWkuojVnxo-mO5 | https://github.com/brackeys-godot-csharp/first-game-in-godot                                                                                  |
| 02 - GDScript Tutorial        | https://youtu.be/e1zJS31tr88?si=m2EtEmgituaaE2Ru | Not applicable - if you don't already know C# you'll find lots of good tutorials easily, because C# *is* a majure, common and relevant language |

Commit message:

add c# getting started repo link

profile/README.md, after:

# Brackeys Godot Tutorials - C# Version

* This organization contains C# versions of Brackeys Godot tutorials (since they decided to go with GDScript).
* All credit for the projects goes to Brackeys.
* Only those projects and tutorials with a sufficiently permissive license can be translated (as forks whenever possible).

> This organization is *not* affiliated with Brackeys and only aims to provide additional value for their work - free of charge, for everyone, just like Brackeys does.

| **Tutorial**                  | **Brackeys YT Link**                             | **C# Version Repo**                                                                                                                           |
|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 01 - How to Make a Video Game | https://youtu.be/LOhfqjmasi0?si=2LwWkuojVnxo-mO5 | https://github.com/brackeys-godot-csharp/first-game-in-godot                                                                                  |
| 02 - GDScript Tutorial        | https://youtu.be/e1zJS31tr88?si=m2EtEmgituaaE2Ru | Not really applicable, here are some getting started tips: https://github.com/brackeys-godot-csharp/programming-with-csharp                   |
